README.md, before:

# Tufte Hugo Theme

Hugo-Tufte is a minimalist blog-like theme for the
[static site generator Hugo](https://gohugo.io) that
attempts to be a faithful implementation of the
[Tufte-css](https://githubcom/edwardtufte/tufte-css) project.
It supports mathematical typesetting via [MathJax](https://www.mathjax.org).
By utilizing copious partial templates the theme is largely customizable.

## Site Parameters

The site specific parameters that this theme :wrecognizes are:

- `subtitle` string: This is displayed under the main title.
- `showPoweredBy` boolean: if true, display a shoutout to Hugo and this theme.
- `copyrightHolder` string: Inserts the value in the default copyright notice.
- `copyright` string: Custom copyright notice.

## Page Parameters

- `hideDate` boolean: if true, do not display a page date.  When `meta` is set to
  true, `hideDate` takes greater precedence.
- `hideReadTime` boolean: if true, do not display the page's reading time
  estimate.  When `meta` is set to true, `hideReadTime` takes greater precedence.
- `math` boolean: if true, try to render the page's LaTeX code using MatheJax. The
  theme follows the conventions in [Hugo's MathJax tutorial].
- `meta` boolean: if true, display page meta-data author, date, categories provided
  these page parameters exist and are not overridden.  Content in the `/post` directory,
  (i.e., pages of type "post") ignore this parameter.
- `toc` boolean: if true, display the table of contents for the page.

## Shortcodes

- `sidenote`: Wrap text to produce an automatically numbered sidenote.
  The single positional argument is a required unique identifier.
  Example: `{{% sidenote "sn-example" %}}Some sidenote{{% /sidenote %}}`
- `marginnote`: Wrap text to produce a numberless margin note.
  The single positional argument is a required unique identifier.
  Example: `{{% marginnote"mn-example" %}}Some marginnote{{% /marginnote%}}`

## Templates
TODO
- [ ] Describe the role of each template file, as commenting within the files
      themselves seems to break the templates.

Commit message:

Add section shortcode.
It seems there are some issues in wrapping complex blocks of markdown in
html tags, especially when the block contains other short codes.
Content would either only partially render or fail completely.

README.md, after:

# Tufte Hugo Theme

Hugo-Tufte is a minimalist blog-like theme for the
[static site generator Hugo](https://gohugo.io) that
attempts to be a faithful implementation of the
[Tufte-css](https://githubcom/edwardtufte/tufte-css) project.
It supports mathematical typesetting via [MathJax](https://www.mathjax.org).
By utilizing copious partial templates the theme is largely customizable.

## Site Parameters

The site specific parameters that this theme :wrecognizes are:

- `subtitle` string: This is displayed under the main title.
- `showPoweredBy` boolean: if true, display a shoutout to Hugo and this theme.
- `copyrightHolder` string: Inserts the value in the default copyright notice.
- `copyright` string: Custom copyright notice.

## Page Parameters

- `hideDate` boolean: if true, do not display a page date.  When `meta` is set to
  true, `hideDate` takes greater precedence.
- `hideReadTime` boolean: if true, do not display the page's reading time
  estimate.  When `meta` is set to true, `hideReadTime` takes greater precedence.
- `math` boolean: if true, try to render the page's LaTeX code using MatheJax. The
  theme follows the conventions in [Hugo's MathJax tutorial].
- `meta` boolean: if true, display page meta-data author, date, categories provided
  these page parameters exist and are not overridden.  Content in the `/post` directory,
  (i.e., pages of type "post") ignore this parameter.
- `toc` boolean: if true, display the table of contents for the page.

## Shortcodes

This theme provides the following shortcodes. 

- `marginnote`
  - Description: Wrap text to produce a numberless margin note.
  - Usage: Accepts a required positional argument that is the margin note id.
  `{{% marginnote "<margin note id>"" %}}...{{% /marginnote %}}`
  - Example: `{{% marginnote "mn-example" %}}Some marginnote{{% /marginnote%}}`

- `section`
   - Description: This shortcode is provided as a work-around for wrapping
   complex blocks of markdown in section tags.
   - Usage: `{{< section "<begin || end>" >}}` map respectively to
   `<section>` and `</section>` tags.
   - Example: `{{< section "begin" >}}` inserts a `<section>` tag, while
   `{{<section "end" >}}` inserts the closing `</section>` tag.

- `sidenote`
  - Description: Wrap text to produce an automatically numbered sidenote.
  - Usage: identical to `marginnote`. 
  Accepts a required positional argument that is the side note id.
  `{{% sidenote "<side note id>"" %}}...{{% /sidenote %}}`
  - Example: `{{% sidenote "sn-example" %}}Some sidenote{{% /sidenote %}}`

## Templates
TODO
- [ ] Describe the role of each template file, as commenting within the files
      themselves seems to break the templates.
